Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/Fuel_Station.md

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# Fuel Station

> The `FuelStation` package can be used to add/remove recipes to/from the II Fuel Station.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FuelStation` package can be used to modify the Immersive Intelligence Fuel Station recipes.
```
